Alright. In this video, we are going to
implement the update function and we are
gonna do this through using HTTP PUT.
You can see here, I've got the API spec
up from the API that we've been working
with, and we're gonna do a put against
customers/ value. And
it's expecting that JSON object with
firstname, lastname in it.
So let's toggle over to IntelliJ now.
What I've done is I've gone through and
implemented the backend code of it. So
So, on CustomerService, I added in a new
method to save customer. I'm not gonna
go into this too much detail, because I'm
really focused on the Controller layer.
But I'm just making you aware that, of
what I did there. The create and save
we're pretty similar. So I extracted that
out into a common method
here. To do that common coding, so we're
not duplicating code. Because effectively,
we take in the DTO, convert it, and the
only difference here, when we're doing a
save for the PUT operation is that we're
gonna have the id value. So we need to
set that id value, which we cannot do in
the DTO converter. So pretty similar
functionality that is there. And then, you
can see that I did write a unit test for
that. We'll go ahead and run that. Verify
that. And that is all still happy. Let's
see that my test is passing. Now, I also
wrote a CustomerControllerTest. So
let's take a look at that now and we
expect that this is going to fail
because we are following test-driven
development here. And we can see that I
am getting a 405 error. So we
are not happy there. So request method
PUT is not supported. So we're going to go
ahead and implement that now. Let's come
over here to our CustomerController. And
I'm just going to steal this. And I wanna
do is update. Call this updateCustomer. Close that out. And this time, we
want to use @PutMapping.
And just like the id, we wanna do the
same thing here. So I am evilly doing cut
and paste. That's not something you wanna be doing. And we also want the
@PathVariable just like they GET. So the same
things. And now, here, when I get rid of
that, we wanna implement that. And we
also want to take this to an OK.
Don't return back in HTTP status of okay.
Let's go ahead and run our test now.
Verify that is up and running. And we're
expecting a 200, so let's see here. There was
a mistake in my test. We actually want
the test to be verifying OK. So that
was my mistake. I'm writing the test
there. And I should be OK now.
So that is passing, and let's go ahead
over to postman. First, we need to
start this. Let's take a look at this
running in postman, and we should be able
to just steal this junk at JSON and use
that in postman. See I have a few here.
And this time, we won't do a put. Raw
body. Paste that. And then, let's send that. Up and
that's because I forgot to do the id
value. And one more problem here. And we
can see that once
I got my postman set up properly,
with using Content-Type application/json, we can see that Freddy
Meyers was accepted by our little API. So
that is now saved in. Let's see if we
can do a I can GET. Just double check
this. And we are not getting the URL back.
So I'll get a little bug there to work
out. But other than that, I'm gonna call
this lesson good. I'm gonna fix that url
before I check in the code or your
example.